README.md, before:

# loono

We show prevention matters.

- To generate the freezed or db part files run `flutter packages pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs`.
- If you need to define anything non static on a freezed class remember to add a private constructor (https://pub.dev/packages/freezed#custom-getters-and-methods)
- You might need to rerun the Dart Analyser for the IDE to be pick up the generated files

Notes

- We are committing generated files to avoid situations where those files might be different among
  developers or might differ from the ones generated via the CodeMagic pipeline. We also commit them to
  avoid spending time and money when building the app on CodeMagic.

## App internalizations

- Currently app supports only Czech language, all texts used within the app should be located in `lib/l10n/intl_cs.arb`. Supporting new languages can be made by adding new language arb file.
- Internalization is done by [flutter_internalization](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization) plugin

## Integration Tests
- **Make sure to <ins>clear the app's</ins> data before running the tests.** (Android)
- To test on an emulator or on a real iOS / Android device, first connect the device and run the following command from the root of the project:
`flutter test integration_test/test_sets/onboarding/test_cases/male_onboarding_flow_test.dart --flavor dev`
- Or, you can run all integration tests in a folder with:
`flutter test integration_test --flavor dev`
- Since the app is in active development, tests are expected to fail often. No need to fix them right away.
- Conventions:
    - test case implementation is inspired by POM (Page Object Model) design pattern
    - test data are created from Dart objects and not from JSON - for easier maintainability from API changes
    - test cases are structured with folder-by-feature

Commit message:

feat(tests): add more tests (#159)
* fix: hide self exam category

* feat(tests): add more tests

* refactoring, use setUp and tearDown correctly

* silence healthcare provider dio errors

* try ci

* run on master

* refactor

* speed up in CI

README.md, after:

# loono

We show prevention matters.

- To generate the freezed or db part files run `flutter packages pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs`.
- If you need to define anything non static on a freezed class remember to add a private constructor (https://pub.dev/packages/freezed#custom-getters-and-methods)
- You might need to rerun the Dart Analyser for the IDE to be pick up the generated files

Notes

- We are committing generated files to avoid situations where those files might be different among
  developers or might differ from the ones generated via the CodeMagic pipeline. We also commit them to
  avoid spending time and money when building the app on CodeMagic.

## App internalizations

- Currently app supports only Czech language, all texts used within the app should be located in `lib/l10n/intl_cs.arb`. Supporting new languages can be made by adding new language arb file.
- Internalization is done by [flutter_internalization](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization) plugin

## Integration Tests
- **Make sure to <ins>clear the app's</ins> data before running the tests.** (Android)
- To run all tests on an emulator or on a real iOS / Android device, first connect the device and run the following command from the root of the project:
`flutter test integration_test --flavor dev --dart-define=EXEC_MODE=slow`
- Or, you can run a specific TC or a group with:
`flutter test integration_test\test_sets\app_test.dart --plain-name "TC(LOON_437): Logout (straight path)" --flavor dev`
- You can specify the speed of the tests execution. Since emulators are slow (especially on CI), it is recommended to leave it on default (now _'slow'_). If you're running on a real device, you can speed up the process with defining for example '_'very_fast'_ value: `--dart-define=EXEC_MODE=very_fast`. Other allowed values {very_slow, slow, fast, very_fast}.
- Since the app is in active development, tests are expected to fail often. No need to fix them right away.
- Conventions:
    - test case implementation is inspired by POM (Page Object Model) design pattern
    - test data are created from Dart objects and not from JSON - for easier maintainability from API changes
    - test cases are structured with folder-by-feature
